---
tags: hexagon/equipment
type: 
aliases: elite hexagon shield dome
date: 26-04-2022
share: true
---

> A sophisticated spatial-temporal manipulation field designed to 'freeze' the state of an object within it without affecting the object's functions or motion.
---

**Related Notes:** 

The **Escher's Field** is a phenomena that's generated by the [[The Hexagon Empire|Hexagon]]'s Escher's Device. It's capable of freezing the state of an object within the field up until it is removed or if the field is destroyed. While within the field, the object will not experience any change within its current state or identity, yet it will still be able to act, function, and move.

Extremely useful against reality bending devices or the twisted machinations of eldritch abominations, it serves as an agent's line of defense that protects his soul and identity from any corruption, status, or change that might take hold.

Secondarily, it provides a barrier against incoming forces, energies, or magics that are directed towards the physical form of an object within the barrier, allowing it to become a shield of some sort against conventional weaponry.

An agent's Escher Device will always be found behind his neck. While still heavily protected, the agent is still capable of being hit by any strong enough projectile or weapon. The field is at its weakest in the back of the agent's neck, allowing even intermediate caliber weaponry to pierce through the field, damaging the device. The agent is thus told to never reveal the back of their necks to any enemy unit.

*Destruction of the Escher's Device will leave the agent unprotected against any of the aforementioned threats. Any prior attempts at corruption conducted on the agent that were suppressed by the Escher's Field will begin to take hold once the field is disrupted.*

